so we can re use the reverse sub list function
that we learnt before
Instead of passing the start and end of list we
can simply pass the value of K into the function
If K is less than or equal to one then the
reversed list will also be the same so we can
return the head
And also if the list is empty we can return
head
So write if K is less than or equal to
one or head equal to null return head now mark current
as head and prev as null So write struck nodes Star
current equal to head and start prev equal to null Now in
our infinite loop mark First part last node as prev
and second part Last node as current also declare the
next pointer
Now we need to reverse the first K nodes
So changed the for loop condition to current not equal to null
and I less than or equal to K And write the
reverse linked List Logic inside
Now we need to connect the first part Last node
with the previous node and if previous is null we
need to make it the head so write If first
part last node not equal to null make first part
last node next equal to prev else make head equal
to prev
And now we need to connect their second part
Last node with current
So write second part last node next equal to current
Now the first K nodes are reversed In the next
iteration
Next K nodes must be reversed
So we need to change prev and current accordingly
Current is already at right position
We only need to change prev so write prev equal
to second part
Last node
So this way every K nodes will be reversed
So we need to add the Loop termination condition also
So write if current equal to null break and finally
we can return the head.